# Michelle J Raymond | michellejraymond

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/michellejraymond_b2bmarketing-linkedin-b2bgrowthnohacks-activity-7338797585077346304-IO4F?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAACws3ccBBCvbNzmM-lu9kuI0ZtssLCJBV9g

Post Date: Jun-12-2025
Type: Post

## Content

I think I've figured out what kind of content works best on LinkedIn right now. What do you think of this idea?

I'm calling it "No Think Content". (Can you tell my background is sales, not marketing, with a name like that? 🤣)

"No Think Content" ISN’T where you, as the creator, get to do things without thinking. Quite the contrary. 

You get to do all the research, refining and presenting and serve the idea up on a silver platter for the content consumer.

Think things like - 
⭐ Listicles - eg 10 Favourite B2B Podcasts, 7 Updates You Need to Know, Top 20 AI Creators, etc
⭐ Infographics and Cheat Sheets - eg Improve Your Prompts, LinkedIn Profile Update Checklist, etc
⭐ Playbooks - eg $5K LinkedIn Ads Funnels, Email strategies - scrape this, warm up this, cold email someone who never wanted your email type stuff. 
⭐ Research Reports - Algo Reports, Social Media Platform Reports, etc 

You get the idea. 

It's the type of post that you typically save (which the algorithm likes) and always intend to revisit. Someone else has done all the research, which saves you time and effort. 

i.e., no thought on the reader's behalf, and yet they feel they have learned something or gained something that will help them improve. 

It could also be called "IN SERVICE" content. 

Help me out - what name would you call it? 😀

P.S. This can help with things like brand awareness, as it's a popular choice. However, it is often far too generic and fails to provide the reader with any meaningful insights into your business. So I wouldn't recommend this as a strategy for every post. 
