# Michelle J Raymond | michellejraymond

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/michellejraymond_you-want-your-team-to-post-on-linkedin-sounds-activity-7302251007722303488-42Y8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAACws3ccBBCvbNzmM-lu9kuI0ZtssLCJBV9g

Post Date: Mar-03-2025
Type: Post

## Content

You want your team to post on LinkedIn. Sounds easy enough. But what will you say to them when they push back out of fear? 

Here's the catch...very few employees will actually say "I'm scared to post on LinkedIn."

They're more like to say - 
👉 I'm busy. 
👉 It's not my job. 
👉 Can't so and so do it?
👉 I've already got good relationships with my customers. 

You see for employees it's different. Their minds tend to focus on thoughts about the consequences if things go wrong on LinkedIn. This could impact their career, pay, contract renewal etc

My best advice is that you will need to work with them to shift the focus of their attention. 

Move it away from themselves and focused on the audience you are looking to impact. This could be existing customers, supply partners, industry members, potential new business etc 

This will take effort into ensuring they feel supported and confidence building is a must. 

Your to-do list - set up guidelines so expectations on both sides are clear, invest in training (I can recommend a great trainer 😉), implement feedback loops. 

This is the secret to long term LinkedIn success that generates business growth. 

In case it's unclear - forcing people to participate never works. 

I share my LinkedIn Confidence Playbook in this week's Social Media for B2B Growth podcast episode 😀

What has worked for you to overcome fears on LinkedIn?
