# Ross Simmonds | rosssimmonds

URL: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rosssimmonds_marketing-activity-7430609231441031168-hY-N?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAACws3ccBBCvbNzmM-lu9kuI0ZtssLCJBV9g

Post Date: Feb-20-2026
Type: Post

## Content

Most B2B Brands are making one HUGE mistake: 

Assuming that the buyers journey is a very linear process. 

It's not. 

B2B Buyers (yes, even the most sophisticated and technical) are not buying things through the same methods as they did in 2023. 

Buyers are going to Reddit. 
Buyers are going to Claude.
Buyers are going to Google. 
Buyers are going to ChatGPT.
Buyers are going to Perplexity. 
Buyers are going to private chats. 
Buyers are going to niche review sites. 
Buyers are going to niche Slack channels. 

Buyers are using a wide range of different channels and resources to help them figure out what to buy and for how much. 

Stop thinking about your content marketing strategy as just a bunch of blog posts and landing pages. It's time for brands to evolve. A great content strategy (or even a great SEO strategy) isn't just a content calendar with blog posts...

A great strategy embraces this new buying journey... 

Here's some of the tactics that make up a great strategy today: 

- Bottom of funnel content that speaks to the different jobs to be done
- Bottom of funnel content that speaks to high intent search / prompts
- Video content that is focused on both middle and bottom of funnel 
- Social media content that drives brand awareness and engagement
- Podcast content that captures the attention of your ideal customer
- Reddit content that has the potential to be cited in the LLMs
- Case studies that demonstrate you know what you're doing

All of these things are possible growth tactics in todays world... 

And all of these things can help with discoverability. 

If you're still relying on a Notion Doc with a few blog post ideas... 

You're falling behind. 

Think holistically. 

Build the full engine. 

Strive to dominate the SERP & the market. 
